Deployment errors: These are errors that occur when a deployment is being created or updated. Examples include problems with the deployment configuration, image pull failures, and resource quota violations.
Pod errors: These are errors that occur at the pod level, such as problems with container images, resource limits, or networking issues.
Service errors: These are errors that occur when creating or accessing services, such as problems with service discovery or load balancing.
Networking errors: These are errors related to the network configuration of a Kubernetes cluster, such as problems with DNS resolution or connectivity between pods.
Resource exhaustion errors: These are errors that occur when a cluster runs out of resources, such as CPU, memory, or storage.
Configuration errors: These are errors that occur due to incorrect or misconfigured settings in a Kubernetes cluster.

ImagePullBackOff: kubectl describe pods <pod-name>
                The image repository is not accessible or the image doesn’t exist.
                The image requires authentication and the cluster is not configured with the necessary credentials.
                The image is too large to be pulled over the network.
                Network connectivity issues.

CrashLoopBackOff: kubectl describe pods <pod-name> 
                  kubectl logs <pod-name>
                The container’s command or startup script exits with a non-zero status code, causing the container to crash.
                The container experiences an error while running, such as a memory or file system error.
                The container’s dependencies are not met, such as a service it needs to connect to is not running.
                The resources allocated for the container are insufficient for the container to run.
                Configuration issues in the pod’s yaml file

Exit Code 1: kubectl logs <pod-name>
            The command specified in the container’s CMD or ENTRYPOINT instructions returned an error code
            The container’s process was terminated by a signal
            The container’s process was killed by the system due to resource constraints or a crash
            The container lacks the necessary permissions to access a resource

Kubernetes Node Not Ready: kubectl describe node <node-name>
                           kubectl top node <node-name>
                            The node’s kubelet is not running or is not responding.
                            The node’s network is not configured correctly or is unavailable.
                            The node has insufficient resources to run pods, such as low memory or disk space.
                            The node’s runtime is not healthy.

CreateContainerConfigError: kubectl describe pod <pod-name>
                            The pod is missing CONFIGMAP and SECRETS

Pending: kubectl describe pod <pod-name>
         The pod is failing to PVC

FailedScheduling: 
                  Cluster lacks resources.Add more worker nodes